At a Prisma ORM level, a connection between two models is awalys represented by a relation field on each side of the relation. 
At a Prisma ORM level, a connection between two models is always represened by a relation field on each side of the relation. 

the foreign key that connects both of the models only exissts on one side of the model. 
In SQL, you use a Foreign key to create a relation between two tables. 

Three Differnt Types of Relations in Prisma ORM: 


A page reload effectively means the browser is throwing away the current page and replacing it with a new one form teh server, losing any i memory JavScript state oyu had

After the page reloads you are essentially starting fresh with whatever the server sends back. 
After the page reloads you are essentially starting fresh with whatever the server sends back. 
After the page reloads, you are essentially starting fresh with whatever the server sends back. 
After the page relaods you are essentially starting

After the inital load, the page does not relaod when the 

it is going to disacrd the current web page and requests a complete l new page

A page reload is when the browser discards the current web page and requests a complete new version of the pae



When a user first vists your site, the browser sends an HTTP request to the server for the root URL
The server responds with a single HTML page that includes a div 
The server responds witha  single HMTL page that includes, the necessary JavaScript files (the bundled React app and its dependencies)


The React app is bootstrapped inside the div element in the HTML page. 
When the user first visita the page, the server sends the init HTML page and the JavaScript bundle that contains your React app. 

the broswer does not request the entire new HTML pages from the server when naviagtion, only nexcaary data like JSON is fetched is needed 


A page reload or page refresh is when the browser discards the current web page (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript state) and requests/displays a complelt new verison of the page ua

A page reload is when the browser discards the current web pae
A page reload

In a classic HTML form submission, the browser sends the form data to the server, waits fro a response, adn then replaces the current page with whatever the server retruns (often a new HTML pag)

a page reload means the browser is efectively throwing away the current pagr and replacing it with a enw one frm the sefver laoidng any in memory javascritpt state oyu had

When a reload occurs, the browser discards (throws aaway) everything about the current page, 
Requests a fresh versino fo the page form the server 

After the page reloads, you are essentially starting freshw ith whatever the serve sends back


teh api can send back anything to the frontend. it does not matter

A REST API is an applicatino programming itner

REST API should acept jSON 

JSON

Two general ways to interact with the offical OpenAI node.js client library and using its buil tin method to interact with the Open AI API. 
The client library simplifies things by abstracting some




Everything is bundles up so you dont have to keep on making requests to the server. 

Everything is bundles up so you do not have to keep on making requests t te


The OpenAI npm pacakge is essentially a wrapper around HTTP requests. 
The OpenAI npm package i eesentially a wrapper around HTTP requsts. 


The AI assistant plugin allows a user to interact with registered AI APIs by 

We can never do database queries on the client side. 

we would have to pass the database connection URL on the client side so the browser can connet with it. not good. 
or have the database connectino URL on the server side. 